README.md, before:

# FIWARE Tour Guide Application

[![License][license-image]][license-url]
[![Documentation badge](https://readthedocs.org/projects/fiwaretourguide/badge/?version=latest)](http://fiwaretourguide.readthedocs.org/en/latest/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/)
[![Docker badge](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/fiware/tutorials.tourguide-app.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/fiware/tutorials.tourguide-app/)
[![Support badge]( https://img.shields.io/badge/support-askbot-yellowgreen.svg)](http://ask.fiware.org)
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]

**Table of Contents**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [How to build and install](#how-to-build-and-install)
  - [Installation and Administration Guide](#installation-and-administration-guide)
  - [Deploying on a Cloud Fiware Lab Instance](#deploying-on-a-cloud-fiware-lab-instance)
- [User and Programmers Manual](#user-and-programmers-manual)
  - [Miscellaneous configuration](#miscellaneous-configuration)
    - [How to configure a Context Provider in Orion](#how-to-configure-a-context-provider-in-orion)
    - [How to configure Cygnus in TourGuide](#how-to-configure-cygnus-in-tourguide)
    - [How to generate a new restaurant data image](#how-to-generate-a-new-restaurant-data-image)
    - [How to run Feeders for the data image generation](#how-to-run-feeders-for-the-data-image-generation)
    - [How to retrieve an Oauth Token to request the API](#how-to-retrieve-an-oauth-token-to-request-the-api)
- [API Overview](#api-overview)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Overview

[FIWARE Tour Guide App](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App) is a on-going node.js sample application used in the [FIWARE Tour Guide](http://www.fiware.org/tour-guide/) to show real code working with the Generic Enablers integrated.

This application is a smart, context-aware application which allows to manage large Restaurant chains which are operating worldwide. Is intended to both franchise managers and to customers. To this aim, the main functionalities provided by the application are:

* Admit Customer reservations
* Register customer reviews
* Real-time control of different parameters at each restaurant location (temperature and humidity)
* Restaurant geo-location
* Short time historic data of the different parameters monitored
* Publication of open data concerning the most relevant information about the different restaurant locations, grouped by different properties

## Architecture

![Architecture diagram](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/img/archDiagram.png?raw=true "Architecture diagram")

It includes (for the moment) the following components:

* [Orion Context Broker](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/publishsubscribe-context-broker-orion-context-broker), providing the NGSIv2 interfaces.
* [Backend Device Management - IDAS](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/backend-device-management-idas),  to connect IoT devices (temperature & humidity).
* [Cygnus](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-cygnus) for the [Cosmos ecosystem](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/bigdata-analysis-cosmos) to give persistance to the context data (using its sinks).
* [Authorization PDP - AuthZForce](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/authorization-pdp-authzforce), to get authorization decisions based on authorization policies.
* [PEP Proxy - Wilma](https://github.com/ging/fi-ware-pep-proxy), to add authentication and authorization security to the application.
* [IDM KeyRock](https://github.com/ging/fi-ware-idm), covering the user profile management, authorization and authentication among others.

## How to build and install

This project integrates a set of Generic Enablers using those enablers inside [docker](https://github.com/docker/docker) containers. It also comes with restaurants, reviews and reservations loaded to start working out of the box, as well as users and organizations to play with it.

For that purpose, [docker](https://github.com/docker/docker) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) are required.

![Compose Diagram](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/img/composeDiagram.png?raw=true "Compose Diagram")

### Installation and Administration Guide

Detailed information of how to start this environment can be found [here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app).

### Deploying on a Cloud Fiware Lab Instance

You can deploy an instance of the Fiware TourGuide App in a cloud instance using [Docker-machine](https://docs.docker.com/machine/). Detailed information of this process can be found in the following documentation:

* [Installing Docker on FIWARE Cloud](http://simple-docker-hosting-on-fiware-cloud.readthedocs.org/en/latest/manuals/install/)

## User and Programmers Manual

The complete user guide of this environment is available at [Readthedocs](http://fiwaretourguide.readthedocs.org/en/latest/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/).

### Miscellaneous configuration

#### How to configure a Context Provider in Orion

[Here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/ContextProvider.md) you can find a simple example of how to configure a Context Provider in TourGuide using Orion.

#### How to configure Cygnus in TourGuide

As Cygnus can publish in several third-party storages, [here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/docker/cygnus/README.md) we explain where you should add your credentials for each source to publish the TourGuide data.

#### How to generate a new restaurant data image

The image provided is based on [Euskadi Open Data information](http://opendata.euskadi.eus/contenidos/ds_recursos_turisticos/restaurantes_sidrerias_bodegas/opendata/restaurantes.json). The image is already loaded, but we provide information on [how to generate it yourself](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app.restaurant-data/Readme.md).

#### How to run Feeders for the data image generation

Find out how to load information into a new image using the [Tourguide feeders](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/server/feeders).

#### How to retrieve an Oauth Token to request the API

Every request against the TourGuide API must be authenticated. For that purpose, we provide [a simple script](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/server/misc) to generate an Oauth Token based on a username and password of the [preloaded data](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app#idm-users-organizations-apps-roles-and-permissions).

## API Overview

The application provides a RESTful API with different routes and functions that covers the functionalities described above:

* [FIWARE TourGuide RESTful API](http://docs.tourguide.apiary.io)

## Feedback

Try and tweak the Tour Guide application and if you have any feedback please contact us at http://ask.fiware.org using the tag 'tour-guide'.

[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App

[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/express.svg
[license-url]: https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Add end to end tests section

README.md, after:

# FIWARE Tour Guide Application

[![License][license-image]][license-url]
[![Documentation badge](https://readthedocs.org/projects/fiwaretourguide/badge/?version=latest)](http://fiwaretourguide.readthedocs.org/en/latest/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/)
[![Docker badge](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/fiware/tutorials.tourguide-app.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/fiware/tutorials.tourguide-app/)
[![Support badge]( https://img.shields.io/badge/support-askbot-yellowgreen.svg)](http://ask.fiware.org)
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]

**Table of Contents**

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [How to build and install](#how-to-build-and-install)
  - [Installation and Administration Guide](#installation-and-administration-guide)
  - [Deploying on a Cloud Fiware Lab Instance](#deploying-on-a-cloud-fiware-lab-instance)
- [User and Programmers Manual](#user-and-programmers-manual)
  - [Miscellaneous configuration](#miscellaneous-configuration)
    - [How to configure a Context Provider in Orion](#how-to-configure-a-context-provider-in-orion)
    - [How to configure Cygnus in TourGuide](#how-to-configure-cygnus-in-tourguide)
    - [How to generate a new restaurant data image](#how-to-generate-a-new-restaurant-data-image)
    - [How to run Feeders for the data image generation](#how-to-run-feeders-for-the-data-image-generation)
    - [How to retrieve an Oauth Token to request the API](#how-to-retrieve-an-oauth-token-to-request-the-api)
- [API Overview](#api-overview)
- [End to End tests](#end-to-end-tests)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Overview

[FIWARE Tour Guide App](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App) is a on-going node.js sample application used in the [FIWARE Tour Guide](http://www.fiware.org/tour-guide/) to show real code working with the Generic Enablers integrated.

This application is a smart, context-aware application which allows to manage large Restaurant chains which are operating worldwide. Is intended to both franchise managers and to customers. To this aim, the main functionalities provided by the application are:

* Admit Customer reservations
* Register customer reviews
* Real-time control of different parameters at each restaurant location (temperature and humidity)
* Restaurant geo-location
* Short time historic data of the different parameters monitored
* Publication of open data concerning the most relevant information about the different restaurant locations, grouped by different properties

## Architecture

![Architecture diagram](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/img/archDiagram.png?raw=true "Architecture diagram")

It includes (for the moment) the following components:

* [Orion Context Broker](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/publishsubscribe-context-broker-orion-context-broker), providing the NGSIv2 interfaces.
* [Backend Device Management - IDAS](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/backend-device-management-idas),  to connect IoT devices (temperature & humidity).
* [Cygnus](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-cygnus) for the [Cosmos ecosystem](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/bigdata-analysis-cosmos) to give persistance to the context data (using its sinks).
* [Authorization PDP - AuthZForce](http://catalogue.fiware.org/enablers/authorization-pdp-authzforce), to get authorization decisions based on authorization policies.
* [PEP Proxy - Wilma](https://github.com/ging/fi-ware-pep-proxy), to add authentication and authorization security to the application.
* [IDM KeyRock](https://github.com/ging/fi-ware-idm), covering the user profile management, authorization and authentication among others.

## How to build and install

This project integrates a set of Generic Enablers using those enablers inside [docker](https://github.com/docker/docker) containers. It also comes with restaurants, reviews and reservations loaded to start working out of the box, as well as users and organizations to play with it.

For that purpose, [docker](https://github.com/docker/docker) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) are required.

![Compose Diagram](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/img/composeDiagram.png?raw=true "Compose Diagram")

### Installation and Administration Guide

Detailed information of how to start this environment can be found [here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app).

### Deploying on a Cloud Fiware Lab Instance

You can deploy an instance of the Fiware TourGuide App in a cloud instance using [Docker-machine](https://docs.docker.com/machine/). Detailed information of this process can be found in the following documentation:

* [Installing Docker on FIWARE Cloud](http://simple-docker-hosting-on-fiware-cloud.readthedocs.org/en/latest/manuals/install/)

## User and Programmers Manual

The complete user guide of this environment is available at [Readthedocs](http://fiwaretourguide.readthedocs.org/en/latest/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/fiware-tour-guide-application-a-tutorial-on-how-to-integrate-the-main-fiware-ges/).

### Miscellaneous configuration

#### How to configure a Context Provider in Orion

[Here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/doc/ContextProvider.md) you can find a simple example of how to configure a Context Provider in TourGuide using Orion.

#### How to configure Cygnus in TourGuide

As Cygnus can publish in several third-party storages, [here](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/docker/cygnus/README.md) we explain where you should add your credentials for each source to publish the TourGuide data.

#### How to generate a new restaurant data image

The image provided is based on [Euskadi Open Data information](http://opendata.euskadi.eus/contenidos/ds_recursos_turisticos/restaurantes_sidrerias_bodegas/opendata/restaurantes.json). The image is already loaded, but we provide information on [how to generate it yourself](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app.restaurant-data/Readme.md).

#### How to run Feeders for the data image generation

Find out how to load information into a new image using the [Tourguide feeders](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/server/feeders).

#### How to retrieve an Oauth Token to request the API

Every request against the TourGuide API must be authenticated. For that purpose, we provide [a simple script](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/server/misc) to generate an Oauth Token based on a username and password of the [preloaded data](https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/tree/master/docker/images/tutorials.tourguide-app#idm-users-organizations-apps-roles-and-permissions).

## API Overview

The application provides a RESTful API with different routes and functions that covers the functionalities described above:

* [FIWARE TourGuide RESTful API](http://docs.tourguide.apiary.io)

## End to End tests

To run the end to end tests, you will need to first download the repository, then browse to `server` folder and run:

```
$ npm install
$ grunt
```

[Grunt](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt) will run `jshint` and `jscs` linters as well as start a full TourGuide environment and run the End to End [jasmine-node](https://github.com/mhevery/jasmine-node) tests.

## Feedback

Try and tweak the Tour Guide application and if you have any feedback please contact us at http://ask.fiware.org using the tag 'tour-guide'.

[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App

[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/l/express.svg
[license-url]: https://github.com/Fiware/tutorials.TourGuide-App/blob/master/LICENSE
